Yuanzhou, you are so loud
Who the hell would dare to talk to me like that?
Who is this woman?
My boyfriend?
But the executives of Huaxing International
Your guts are not small
Dare to call him by his first name
Get out of here
I'm here, sister, I didn't know you were here.
Blind your dog eyes
This is our eldest young master
Young master
What the hell is going on?
He said he was covered by you
He also asked us to kneel down and apologize to him
What's the matter, don't listen to his nonsense
I just look at his business ability
I ended up having a chat with him
wild move
I am now officially informing you that you have been fired.
Hey, don't want it.
How many people did you enter just now?
I don't think you look like you're kidding
Wrong Secretary Yang
I'm leaving, big brother.
You are the eldest young master of Huaxing International
Secretary Yang, let me introduce
This is Li Qing, the director of Qingyuan Technology
You two find a time contract and sign the contract
What contract?
Mr. Li
We Huaxin International want to cooperate with Qingyuan
I don't know, Mr. Li.
Would you like to?
Yes, of course I would.
Guan Yu didn't expect you to be successful now
You have so much patience